[h1]image-comparison-slider.js[/h1]
[p]You can [a href=^https://github.com/HousebirdGames/Birdhouse/blob/main/src\modules\image-comparison-slider\image-comparison-slider.js^]view this file on GitHub[/a].[/p][p class=^topComment justify^]This script enables image comparison functionality by providing an interactive way to compare two images side by side. <br><br>You don't need to call this function. Just set the "enableImageComparisonSliders" property to true in the config.js file. Then main.js will call this function. <br><br>Users can click and drag a splitter to reveal more or less of each image.[/p][h2 id=^functions^][button href=^#functions^ class=^copyLink^]Functions<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^function^ id=^function-initImageComparisons^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="initImageComparisons()">initImageComparisons</strong> [button href=^#function-initImageComparisons^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Initializes image comparison sliders found within the document. Each image comparison slider allows users to interactively compare two images by clicking and dragging a central splitter. This function identifies all elements with a specific class designating them as image comparison splitters and sets up the necessary event listeners to handle user interactions, such as dragging the splitter. <br> <br> The initialization process includes setting up mouse and touch event listeners to handle the dragging action, adjusting the position of the splitter based on user input, and updating the visible portion of the images based on the splitter&#039;s position. It also ensures that the splitter&#039;s position is correctly reset when the browser window is resized. [/p][/div]