[h1]input-validation.js[/h1]
[p]You can [a href=^https://github.com/HousebirdGames/Birdhouse/blob/main/src\modules\input-validation.js^]view this file on GitHub[/a].[/p][p class=^topComment justify^]This file provides functionality for validating input and textarea elements across the application. <br><br>It integrates both client-side and server-side validation mechanisms, debouncing calls to improve performance. <br><br>When `enableInputValidation` is set to true in `config.js`, `main.js` automatically initializes this validation process. So there is probably no need to call these functions manually, except for the clearError function, when implementing custom validation logic through the `validate-field` hook or maybe the `validateEmail` function.[/p][h2 id=^functions^][button href=^#functions^ class=^copyLink^]Functions<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^function^ id=^function-initializeInputValidation^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="initializeInputValidation()">initializeInputValidation</strong> [button href=^#function-initializeInputValidation^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Attaches event listeners to the document body to perform input validation on all input and textarea elements. This function is automatically called if input validation is enabled in the application configuration. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-validateInputs^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="validateInputs(Event)">validateInputs</strong>(Event: event) [button href=^#function-validateInputs^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Validates input elements on the document body by debouncing and calling validation functions. It distinguishes between client-side and server-side validation depending on the input&#039;s requirements. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">event</td><td>Event</td><td>The DOM event triggered by user interaction with input or textarea elements.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-validateInputClient^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="validateInputClient(Event)">validateInputClient</strong>(Event: event) [button href=^#function-validateInputClient^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Debounced wrapper for client-side validation of input elements. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">event</td><td>Event</td><td>The DOM event triggered by user interaction with input or textarea elements.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-validateInputServer^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="validateInputServer(Event)">validateInputServer</strong>(Event: event) [button href=^#function-validateInputServer^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Debounced wrapper for server-side validation of input elements. This validation may involve asynchronous checks with the server to validate the input&#039;s content. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">event</td><td>Event</td><td>The DOM event triggered by user interaction with input or textarea elements.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-displayError^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="displayError(HTMLElement, HTMLElement, string)">displayError</strong>(HTMLElement: input, HTMLElement: errorElement, string: message=&#039;&#039;) [button href=^#function-displayError^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Displays an error message associated with an input element. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">input</td><td>HTMLElement</td><td>The input element that has encountered a validation error.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">errorElement</td><td>HTMLElement</td><td>The DOM element where the error message will be displayed.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">message=&#039;&#039;</td><td>string</td><td>The error message to display. If not provided, no message will be displayed.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-clearError^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="clearError(HTMLElement, HTMLElement)">clearError</strong>(HTMLElement: input, HTMLElement: errorElement) [button href=^#function-clearError^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Clears any displayed error message associated with an input element. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">input</td><td>HTMLElement</td><td>The input element for which to clear the validation error.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">errorElement</td><td>HTMLElement</td><td>The DOM element that currently displays the error message.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-validateField^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="validateField(HTMLElement, HTMLElement, boolean)">validateField</strong>(HTMLElement: input, HTMLElement: errorElement, boolean: serverSide=true) [button href=^#function-validateField^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Performs the actual validation of an input field. This function is called by both client-side and server-side validation handlers. It checks for common validation criteria such as minimum length, maximum length, and email format. <br> This is were the `validate-field` hook is triggered, allowing for custom validation logic to be implemented. If the hook returns false, the error message is not cleared. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">input</td><td>HTMLElement</td><td>The input element to validate.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">errorElement</td><td>HTMLElement</td><td>The element to display error messages in.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">serverSide=true</td><td>boolean</td><td>Determines whether the validation should consider server-side logic.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-validateEmail^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="validateEmail(string)">validateEmail</strong>(string: email) [button href=^#function-validateEmail^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Validates whether a given string is a valid email address. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">email</td><td>string</td><td>The email address to validate.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>boolean</td><td>Returns true if the email address is valid, false otherwise.</td></tr></table>[/div]