[h1]hooks.js[/h1]
[p]You can [a href=^https://github.com/HousebirdGames/Birdhouse/blob/main/src\modules\hooks.js^]view this file on GitHub[/a].[/p][p class=^topComment justify^]This file defines a simple hook system for managing and triggering custom events or hooks within the application. It allows for registering callback functions to specific event names and triggering those callbacks with custom arguments. The system also caches the last callback registered for each event for quicker access.[/p][h2 id=^functions^][button href=^#functions^ class=^copyLink^]Functions<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^function^ id=^function-hook^][h3]window.<strong class="copyData" data-copy="window.hook(string, Function)">hook</strong>(string: name, Function: callback) [button href=^#function-hook^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Registers a callback function for a given hook name. If the hook doesn&#039;t exist, it initializes an array for that hook. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the hook to register the callback for.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">callback</td><td>Function</td><td>The callback function to register.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-triggerHook^][h3]async window.<strong class="copyData" data-copy="window.triggerHook(string, ...any)">triggerHook</strong>(string: name, ...any: args) [button href=^#function-triggerHook^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Triggers a hook by name, executing all registered callbacks for it with any provided arguments. If no hook is registered under the provided name, it returns null. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the hook to trigger.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">args</td><td>...any</td><td>Arguments to pass to the callback functions.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;any[]&gt;|Promise&lt;any&gt;</td><td>The results of the triggered hook callbacks or a single result if only one callback is registered.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-removeHook^][h3]window.<strong class="copyData" data-copy="window.removeHook(string, Function)">removeHook</strong>(string: name, Function: callback) [button href=^#function-removeHook^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Removes a specific callback from a hook. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the hook.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">callback</td><td>Function</td><td>The callback function to remove.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-clearHooks^][h3]window.<strong class="copyData" data-copy="window.clearHooks(string)">clearHooks</strong>(string: [name]) [button href=^#function-clearHooks^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Clears all hooks for a given name or all hooks if no name is provided. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">[name]</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the hook to clear. If not provided, clears all hooks.</td></tr></table>[/div]