[h1]main.js[/h1]
[p]You can [a href=^https://github.com/HousebirdGames/Birdhouse/blob/main/src\main.js^]view this file on GitHub[/a].[/p][p class=^topComment justify^]This file contains the core variables and functions for the Birdhouse framework. It also has several useful common functions.[/p][h2 id=^variables^][button href=^#variables^ class=^copyLink^]Variables<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-defaultClickEvent^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="defaultClickEvent">defaultClickEvent</strong> (const string) [button href=^#variable-defaultClickEvent^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]The default event to use for click events. Defaults to click, but can be set to &quot;mousedown&quot; in the config file with the useMouseDown property. <br> <br>[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-useFlexPopups^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="useFlexPopups">useFlexPopups</strong> (const boolean) [button href=^#variable-useFlexPopups^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]Determines the display style for popups based on the configuration. Default is &#039;block&#039;. <br>[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-standalone^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="standalone">standalone</strong> (const boolean) [button href=^#variable-standalone^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]Signals if the app is running in standalone mode through Electron. <br> <br>[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-popupManager^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="popupManager">popupManager</strong> (let PopupManager|null) [button href=^#variable-popupManager^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]A reference to the popup manager instance used throughout the application. <br> <br> This variable is initially set to null and should be assigned to an instance of the popup manager once initialized. It is exported to allow for consistent popup management across different parts of the application.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-urlPrefix^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="urlPrefix">urlPrefix</strong> (const string) [button href=^#variable-urlPrefix^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]The prefix for URLs within the application, dynamically set based on the current window location. <br> <br> If the application is being served from the path specified in config.localhostPath (typically during development), urlPrefix is set to this path to correctly handle routing. In production, or if not served from config.localhostPath, it defaults to an empty string. This ensures that URL routing works correctly in both development and production environments.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-dynamicRoute^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="dynamicRoute">dynamicRoute</strong> (let boolean) [button href=^#variable-dynamicRoute^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]Indicates whether the current route is dynamically generated. <br> <br> Set to false by default; it should be updated dynamically based on the application&#039;s routing logic to reflect whether the current page was loaded from a dynamic route.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-excludedPaths^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="excludedPaths">excludedPaths</strong> (const string[]) [button href=^#variable-excludedPaths^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]A list of paths that are excluded from certain application logic, such as redirection. <br> <br> Paths are converted to lowercase to ensure case-insensitive matching. Modify this list as needed for your application in the config file.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-userData^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="userData">userData</strong> (let Object|null) [button href=^#variable-userData^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]If user login is implemented, this variable can store the user data retrieved from the server.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-isAdminPromise^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="isAdminPromise">isAdminPromise</strong> (const Promise&lt;boolean&gt;) [button href=^#variable-isAdminPromise^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]A promise that resolves to a boolean indicating whether the current user is an administrator. Please refer to the fetch-user-data hook for more information as the user data is used here. <br> User data should include userData.loggedIn and userData.isAdmin properties.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-isUserPromise^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="isUserPromise">isUserPromise</strong> (const Promise&lt;boolean&gt;) [button href=^#variable-isUserPromise^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]A promise that resolves to a boolean indicating whether the current user is a logged in. Please refer to the fetch-user-data hook for more information as the user data is used here. <br> User data should include userData.loggedIn and userData.isUser properties.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-isMaintenanceMode^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="isMaintenanceMode">isMaintenanceMode</strong> (let boolean) [button href=^#variable-isMaintenanceMode^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]Signals whether the application is in maintenance mode. If `maintenanceModeWithFailedBackend` is set to `true` in the config file, the application will enter maintenance mode if the backend fails to respond. Otherwise, maintenance mode is only set by the server. <br> <br> The `get-maintenance-mode` hook is used to fetch the maintenance mode status from the server, which is triggeren on route change.[/p][/div][div class=^variable^ id=^variable-cookieIdentifier^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="cookieIdentifier">cookieIdentifier</strong> (const string) [button href=^#variable-cookieIdentifier^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^]The identifier used to store cookies. This identifier is appended to the cookie name to ensure uniqueness.[/p][/div][h2 id=^functions^][button href=^#functions^ class=^copyLink^]Functions<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^function^ id=^function-debounce^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="debounce(Function, number)">debounce</strong>(Function: func, number: wait) [button href=^#function-debounce^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Creates a debounced function that delays invoking `func` until after `wait` milliseconds have elapsed since the last time the debounced function was invoked. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">func</td><td>Function</td><td>The function to debounce.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">wait</td><td>number</td><td>The number of milliseconds to delay.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Function</td><td>Returns the new debounced function.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-action^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="action(Function|Object)">action</strong>(Function|Object: action) [button href=^#function-action^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Registers an action to be executed. Actions can either be functions to be executed directly, or objects defining more complex behavior such as event listening. <br> <br> If an action object is provided, it can specify a debounce period, an event type, a selector to delegate events, the container where the delegate listener is added to, and a handler function. <br> <br> If type is not specified, it defaults to the default click event (mousedown or click, depending on the config). <br> <br> Examples: <br> {selector: &#039;button.buttonClass&#039;, handler: ()=&gt;{console.log(&#039;You clicked on a button.&#039;);} } <br> {type: &#039;click&#039;, selector: &#039;button.buttonClass&#039;, handler: ()=&gt;{console.log(&#039;You clicked on a button in the body.&#039;);}, container: &#039;body&#039; } <br> {type: &#039;mouseover&#039;, container: &#039;header&#039;, handler: ()=&gt;{console.log(&#039;Mouse is over header.&#039;);} } <br> {type: &#039;scroll&#039;, handler: ()=&gt;{console.log(&#039;Scroll event on the document.&#039;);} } <br> {type: &#039;click&#039;, selector: &#039;div&#039;, handler: (e) =&gt; console.log(&#039;Clicked a div in the main container.&#039;), container: &#039;main&#039;} <br> <br> If the action is a function, it is simply added to the action queue to be executed after the components are loaded. <br> <br> For examples of how to use the action system, you can also see the example component (Birdhouse/root_EXAMPLE/src/components/example.js). <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">action</td><td>Function|Object</td><td>- The action to register. If an object, it should contain at least `type` and `handler` properties.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-setupActions^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="setupActions()">setupActions</strong> [button href=^#function-setupActions^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Iterates through all registered actions and sets them up accordingly. This function is called automatically after the `before-actions-setup` hook. <br> <br> For function actions, it executes them immediately. For object actions, it adds event listeners to the specified containers. If a container is specified, the event listener is added to all elements matching the container selector. Otherwise, it defaults to the document. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-unmountActions^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="unmountActions()">unmountActions</strong> [button href=^#function-unmountActions^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Cleans up and removes all event listeners registered through the action system. It is called automatically when a route change is handled. <br> <br> This function iterates through all registered actions, removing event listeners from their specified containers or from the document if no container is specified. After all event listeners are removed, the action list is cleared. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-sanitizeIdentifier^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="sanitizeIdentifier(string)">sanitizeIdentifier</strong>(string: identifier) [button href=^#function-sanitizeIdentifier^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Sanitizes the input string by replacing all occurrences of spaces, commas, semicolons, and equals signs with underscores. This transformation makes the identifier more suitable for contexts where such characters are prohibited or undesired,  such as in URL slugs or programming variable names. <br> <br> The function targets the following characters for replacement: <br> - Spaces (including tabs and other whitespace characters) <br> - Commas (,) <br> - Semicolons (;) <br> - Equals signs (=) <br> <br> Each of these characters is replaced with an underscore (_) to ensure the sanitized string complies with common usage requirements where these specific characters may be problematic. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">identifier</td><td>string</td><td>The original string to be sanitized.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string</td><td>The sanitized string, with the specified characters replaced by underscores.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-createRoute^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="createRoute(Object, string, string, string, string, string, boolean, Object|null, boolean, boolean)">createRoute</strong>(Object: route, string: route.type, string: route.slug, string: route.name, string: route.componentPath, string: [route.materialIcon=&#039;&#039;], boolean: [route.inMenu=true], Object|null: [route.data=null], boolean: [route.displayFull=true], boolean: [route.dynamic=false]) [button href=^#function-createRoute^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Creates a route for the application based on the provided data object. This function supports creating admin, user, and public routes. It dynamically determines the route type and calls the appropriate function to handle the creation. <br> <br> Example usage to create a public route: <br> const publicRoute = { <br>   slug: &#039;/home&#039;,   name: &#039;Home&#039;,   materialIcon: &#039;home&#039;,   componentPath: &#039;components/Home&#039;,   inMenu: true,   data: { key: &#039;value&#039; },   displayFull: true,   dynamic: false,   type: &#039;public&#039; <br> }; <br> await createRoute(publicRoute); <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">route</td><td>Object</td><td>An object containing the route details.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">route.type</td><td>string</td><td>The type of the route (&#039;admin&#039;, &#039;user&#039;, or &#039;public&#039;).</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">route.slug</td><td>string</td><td>The URL slug for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">route.name</td><td>string</td><td>The display name for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">route.componentPath</td><td>string</td><td>The path to the component that should be loaded for this route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">[route.materialIcon=&#039;&#039;]</td><td>string</td><td>The Material icon identifier for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">[route.inMenu=true]</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether this route should be included in the navigation menu.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">[route.data=null]</td><td>Object|null</td><td>Optional data to pass to the route&#039;s component.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">[route.displayFull=true]</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether to display the route with text in navigation contexts.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">[route.dynamic=false]</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether the route is dynamically generated.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;void&gt;</td><td>A promise that resolves when the route has been created.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-createAdminRoute^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="createAdminRoute(string, string, string, string, boolean, Object|null, boolean, boolean)">createAdminRoute</strong>(string: slug, string: name, string: materialIcon, string: componentPath, boolean: inMenu, Object|null: data, boolean: displayFull, boolean: dynamic) [button href=^#function-createAdminRoute^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Creates an admin route for the application. This function is essential for dynamically adding admin interfaces and ensuring that they are visible only to users with the appropriate permissions. <br> <br> If the user is not logged in as admin, the page content is replaced with default content that prompts the user to log in. This behavior can be customized by using the `overwrite-not-authorized-admin-page-content` hook. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">slug</td><td>string</td><td>The URL slug for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The display name for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">materialIcon</td><td>string</td><td>The Material icon identifier for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">componentPath</td><td>string</td><td>The path to the component that should be loaded for this route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">inMenu</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether this route should be included in the navigation menu.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">data</td><td>Object|null</td><td>Optional data to pass to the route&#039;s component.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">displayFull</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether to display the route with text in navigation contexts.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">dynamic</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether the route is dynamically generated.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-createUserRoute^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="createUserRoute(string, string, string, string, boolean, Object|null, boolean, boolean)">createUserRoute</strong>(string: slug, string: name, string: materialIcon, string: componentPath, boolean: inMenu, Object|null: data, boolean: displayFull, boolean: dynamic) [button href=^#function-createUserRoute^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Creates a user route, visible to logged-in users. This function enables the dynamic addition of user-specific pages. <br> <br> If the user is not logged in, the page content is replaced with default content that prompts the user to log in. This behavior can be customized by using the `overwrite-not-authorized-user-page-content` hook. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">slug</td><td>string</td><td>The URL slug for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The display name for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">materialIcon</td><td>string</td><td>The Material icon identifier for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">componentPath</td><td>string</td><td>The path to the component that should be loaded for this route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">inMenu</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether this route should be included in the navigation menu.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">data</td><td>Object|null</td><td>Optional data to pass to the route&#039;s component.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">displayFull</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether to display the route with text in navigation contexts.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">dynamic</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether the route is dynamically generated.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-createPublicRoute^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="createPublicRoute(string, string, string, string, boolean, Object|null, boolean, boolean)">createPublicRoute</strong>(string: slug, string: name, string: materialIcon, string: componentPath, boolean: inMenu, Object|null: data, boolean: displayFull, boolean: dynamic) [button href=^#function-createPublicRoute^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Creates a public route accessible to all visitors. This function facilitates the addition of general-access pages. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">slug</td><td>string</td><td>The URL slug for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The display name for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">materialIcon</td><td>string</td><td>The Material icon identifier for the route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">componentPath</td><td>string</td><td>The path to the component that should be loaded for this route.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">inMenu</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether this route should be included in the navigation menu.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">data</td><td>Object|null</td><td>Optional data to pass to the route&#039;s component.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">displayFull</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether to display the route with text in navigation contexts.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">dynamic</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether the route is dynamically generated.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-generateUniqueId^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="generateUniqueId()">generateUniqueId</strong> [button href=^#function-generateUniqueId^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Generates a unique identifier string. <br> <br> This function combines a timestamp, a random string, and an incrementing counter to create a unique identifier. This approach ensures uniqueness even if multiple IDs are generated in the same millisecond. <br> [/p]<table><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string</td><td>A unique identifier string.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-asyncLoad^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="asyncLoad(Function|Promise, string)">asyncLoad</strong>(Function|Promise: componentOrPromise, string: identifier=null) [button href=^#function-asyncLoad^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Asynchronously loads a component and returns a placeholder. <br> <br> This function creates a placeholder for an asynchronously loaded component, then loads the component and replaces the placeholder with the loaded content. <br> <br> Usage example: <br> import ExampleComponent from &quot;../your-components/example-component.js&quot;; <br> const placeholder = asyncLoad(ExampleComponent(parameter)), &#039;component-identifier&#039;); <br> htmlString += placeholder; <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">componentOrPromise</td><td>Function|Promise</td><td>A function that returns a Promise, or a Promise that resolves to the component&#039;s HTML.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">identifier=null</td><td>string</td><td>An optional identifier for the component that will be passed to the get-component-loading-content hook.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string</td><td>Returns the placeholder HTML string that will be replaced by the component.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-fetchData^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="fetchData(string, string)">fetchData</strong>(string: url, string: cacheSetting=&#039;default&#039;) [button href=^#function-fetchData^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Fetches data from a specified URL using a GET request. <br> <br> Throws an error if the network response was not ok or if the fetch operation fails. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">url</td><td>string</td><td>The URL to fetch data from.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">cacheSetting=&#039;default&#039;</td><td>string</td><td>The cache mode to use for the request (default, no-store, reload, no-cache, force-cache, or only-if-cached).</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;Object&gt;</td><td>A promise that resolves to the JSON response.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-checkRememberMe^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="checkRememberMe()">checkRememberMe</strong> [button href=^#function-checkRememberMe^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Triggers the check-remember-me hook to determine if there is a valid remember-me token stored. If the hook returns true, the page is reloaded to log in the user automatically. <br> <br> This function is called automatically when the application is loaded. It is used to reload the page if that is needed for the login to take effect. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getMenuItems^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getMenuItems(string)">getMenuItems</strong>(string: routeType) [button href=^#function-getMenuItems^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Retrieves an array of menu items based on the specified route type. Each menu item includes details such as path, display preference, material icon, presence of a name, and the name itself. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">routeType</td><td>string</td><td>The type of route to filter menu items by.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Object[]</td><td>An array of objects representing each menu item&#039;s details.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-handleRouteChange^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="handleRouteChange()">handleRouteChange</strong> [button href=^#function-handleRouteChange^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Handles route changes within the application. This function is responsible for updating the application&#039;s state based on the new route, including updating the UI, fetching new data, and managing history. It ensures that only one route change is handled at a time to prevent race conditions. <br> <br> This function is called automatically when the application is loaded and when the user navigates, but it can also be triggered manually if needed. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-scroll^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="scroll()">scroll</strong> [button href=^#function-scroll^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Scrolls to the element specified by the hash in the URL, or to the top of the page if no hash is provided. <br> <br> This function checks the current URL for a hash (#). If a hash is present, it attempts to find an element with an ID that matches the hash. If such an element is found, the page scrolls smoothly to bring the element into view. The `anchorScrollOffset` is used to adjust the final scroll position, allowing for fixed elements like headers. <br> <br> It also will try to restore the scroll position if the hash is empty or no element with a matching ID is found. The scroll position is stored in a map with the current path as the key. If the map exceeds 20 entries (default), the oldest entry is removed. You can adjust the limit by setting the `scrollPositionRecallLimit` property in the config file. Setting it to 0 will disable scroll position recall. <br> <br> If no hash is present in the URL, or if no element with a matching ID is found, the page scrolls to the top. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-normalizePath^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="normalizePath(string)">normalizePath</strong>(string: path) [button href=^#function-normalizePath^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Normalizes the given path by converting it to lowercase and removing trailing slashes. It also ensures the path is redirected to a specified excluded path if matched. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">path</td><td>string</td><td>The path to normalize.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string</td><td>The normalized path.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getRelativePath^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getRelativePath(string)">getRelativePath</strong>(string: path) [button href=^#function-getRelativePath^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Converts a relative path to a fully qualified URL path, taking into account the application&#039;s URL prefix. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">path</td><td>string</td><td>The path to convert.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string</td><td>The relative URL path.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-addAdditionalComponent^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="addAdditionalComponent(string, Object|null)">addAdditionalComponent</strong>(string: componentPath, Object|null: data) [button href=^#function-addAdditionalComponent^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Dynamically adds an additional component to the page&#039;s content area. Useful for loading components based on user interaction or other dynamic criteria. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">componentPath</td><td>string</td><td>The path to the component&#039;s JavaScript module.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">data</td><td>Object|null</td><td>Optional data to pass to the component for rendering.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-addBaseContent^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="addBaseContent(string)">addBaseContent</strong>(string: htmlContent) [button href=^#function-addBaseContent^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Appends the provided HTML content to the base content area of the page. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">htmlContent</td><td>string</td><td>The HTML content to add.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-redirectUserToDashboard^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="redirectUserToDashboard()">redirectUserToDashboard</strong> [button href=^#function-redirectUserToDashboard^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Redirects the user to the dashboard route if they are logged in as a user. This function checks the user&#039;s authentication status and performs the redirection if applicable. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-goToRoute^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="goToRoute(string)">goToRoute</strong>(string: href) [button href=^#function-goToRoute^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Redirects the browser to a new route. This function updates the browser&#039;s history and triggers the application&#039;s route handling mechanism. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">href</td><td>string</td><td>The path to redirect to.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getMenuHTML^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getMenuHTML()">getMenuHTML</strong> [button href=^#function-getMenuHTML^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Generates the HTML content for the application&#039;s menu based on the current user&#039;s role. This function dynamically constructs the menu items and layout. <br> [/p]<table><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;string&gt;</td><td>A promise that resolves to the generated HTML content for the menu.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-resizeAllTextareas^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="resizeAllTextareas(number|null)">resizeAllTextareas</strong>(number|null: batchSize=null) [button href=^#function-resizeAllTextareas^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] A utility function to dynamically resize all textareas on the page. It is typically called when the page loads or when the content of the page changes to ensure all textareas are appropriately sized. <br> <br> Is typically called automatically, but can also be triggered manually if needed. <br> <br> This function supports batching which can help in improving performance on pages with a large number of textareas by spreading out the resize operations over multiple animation frames with a delay of 100ms between each batch. This can help prevent the browser from becoming unresponsive when resizing. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">batchSize=null</td><td>number|null</td><td>The number of textareas to process in each batch (needs to be greater than 0). If null, all textareas are resized in a single batch.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-resizeTextarea^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="resizeTextarea(HTMLTextAreaElement)">resizeTextarea</strong>(HTMLTextAreaElement: textarea) [button href=^#function-resizeTextarea^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] A utility function to dynamically resize a single textarea element. It first resets the textarea&#039;s height to &#039;auto&#039;, then sets it to the scrollHeight of the textarea plus 4 pixels. The scrollHeight is equal to the height of the  textarea&#039;s content. The extra 4 pixels account for the textarea&#039;s border. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">textarea</td><td>HTMLTextAreaElement</td><td>The textarea element to resize.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-resizeTextareaNodes^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="resizeTextareaNodes(NodeList)">resizeTextareaNodes</strong>(NodeList: nodeList) [button href=^#function-resizeTextareaNodes^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] This function works by converting the provided NodeList of textarea elements into an array to leverage array methods for iteration. It processes each textarea in batches to minimize reflows and repaints, improving performance especially when dealing with a large number of textareas. <br> <br> Each textarea&#039;s height is retrieved by using the getTextareaHeight function. <br> <br> Example usage: const textareas = document.querySelectorAll(&#039;textarea&#039;); resizeTextareaNodes(textareas); <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">nodeList</td><td>NodeList</td><td>A NodeList of textarea elements to be resized. Typically obtained through document.querySelectorAll or similar methods.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getTextareaHeight^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getTextareaHeight(HTMLTextAreaElement)">getTextareaHeight</strong>(HTMLTextAreaElement: textarea) [button href=^#function-getTextareaHeight^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Calculates the content height of a textarea element without altering its visible state or layout. This function creates an off-screen clone of the provided textarea, applies relevant styles, and measures its scrollHeight to determine the content height. This method avoids causing reflows for the original textarea element, improving performance in scenarios where reflow cost is a concern. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">textarea</td><td>HTMLTextAreaElement</td><td>The textarea element for which to calculate content height.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>number</td><td>The calculated height of the textarea content, in pixels.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-isInViewport^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="isInViewport(Element, number)">isInViewport</strong>(Element: element, number: offset) [button href=^#function-isInViewport^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Checks if the specified element is within the viewport. This can be used to determine if an element is visible to the user. <br> actually enters the viewport. [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">element</td><td>Element</td><td>The DOM element to check.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">offset</td><td>number</td><td>An optional offset to consider the element in viewport before it</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>boolean</td><td>True if the element is in the viewport, false otherwise.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-CopyToClipboard^][h3]window.<strong class="copyData" data-copy="window.CopyToClipboard(string, boolean)">CopyToClipboard</strong>(string: stringToCopy, boolean: openPopup=true) [button href=^#function-CopyToClipboard^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Copies the given string to the clipboard. [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">stringToCopy</td><td>string</td><td>The string to copy.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">openPopup=true</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether to open a popup after copying.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-CopyToClipboardFromID^][h3]window.<strong class="copyData" data-copy="window.CopyToClipboardFromID(string, boolean)">CopyToClipboardFromID</strong>(string: id, boolean: openPopup=true) [button href=^#function-CopyToClipboardFromID^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Copies the inner text of the element with the given ID to the clipboard. [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">id</td><td>string</td><td>The ID of the element.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">openPopup=true</td><td>boolean</td><td>Whether to open a popup after copying.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-updateTitleAndMeta^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="updateTitleAndMeta(string, string)">updateTitleAndMeta</strong>(string: title, string: description) [button href=^#function-updateTitleAndMeta^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Updates the page&#039;s title and meta description. This can be used to dynamically change the information seen by users and search engines based on the current content or context of the page. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">title</td><td>string</td><td>The new title of the page.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">description</td><td>string</td><td>The new meta description of the page.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-roundToHalf^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="roundToHalf(number)">roundToHalf</strong>(number: value) [button href=^#function-roundToHalf^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Rounds a numeric value to the nearest half unit. This function is useful for ratings or measurements that are typically represented in half units. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>number</td><td>The value to round.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>number</td><td>The rounded value.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-roundToFull^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="roundToFull(number)">roundToFull</strong>(number: value) [button href=^#function-roundToFull^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Rounds a numeric value to the nearest whole number. This function is useful for counts or other integer-based measurements. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>number</td><td>The value to round.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>number</td><td>The rounded value.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-setCookie^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="setCookie(string, string, number)">setCookie</strong>(string: name, string: value, number: days) [button href=^#function-setCookie^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Sets a cookie with the specified name, value, and expiration days. This function simplifies the process of creating cookies. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the cookie.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>string</td><td>The value of the cookie.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">days</td><td>number</td><td>The number of days until the cookie expires.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getCookie^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getCookie(string)">getCookie</strong>(string: name) [button href=^#function-getCookie^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Retrieves the value of a cookie with the specified name. If the cookie does not exist, null is returned. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the cookie to retrieve.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string|null</td><td>The value of the cookie or null if it does not exist.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-deleteAllCookies^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="deleteAllCookies()">deleteAllCookies</strong> [button href=^#function-deleteAllCookies^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Deletes all cookies associated with the current domain. This function is useful for clearing session data. [/p][/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-deleteSpecificCookies^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="deleteSpecificCookies(Array&lt;string&gt;)">deleteSpecificCookies</strong>(Array&lt;string&gt;: cookieNames) [button href=^#function-deleteSpecificCookies^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Deletes specific cookies by name. This function allows for targeted removal of cookies without affecting others. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">cookieNames</td><td>Array&lt;string&gt;</td><td>An array of cookie names to delete.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-setSessionStorageItem^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="setSessionStorageItem(string, string)">setSessionStorageItem</strong>(string: key, string: value) [button href=^#function-setSessionStorageItem^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Sets an item in the session storage. This function checks if the user has acknowledged storage usage using the getCookie(&quot;storageAcknowledgement&quot;) function before attempting to set the item. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">key</td><td>string</td><td>The key under which to store the item.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>string</td><td>The value to store.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getSessionStorageItem^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getSessionStorageItem(string)">getSessionStorageItem</strong>(string: key) [button href=^#function-getSessionStorageItem^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Retrieves an item from the session storage. This function checks if the user has acknowledged storage usage using the getCookie(&quot;storageAcknowledgement&quot;) function before attempting to retrieve the item. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">key</td><td>string</td><td>The key of the item to retrieve.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string|null</td><td>The retrieved item or null if it does not exist.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-deleteSessionStorageItem^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="deleteSessionStorageItem(string)">deleteSessionStorageItem</strong>(string: key) [button href=^#function-deleteSessionStorageItem^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Deletes an item from the session storage. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">key</td><td>string</td><td>The key of the item to delete.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>boolean</td><td>True if the item was successfully deleted, false otherwise.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-setLocalStorageItem^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="setLocalStorageItem(string, string)">setLocalStorageItem</strong>(string: key, string: value) [button href=^#function-setLocalStorageItem^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Sets an item in the local storage. This function checks if the user has acknowledged storage usage using the getCookie(&quot;storageAcknowledgement&quot;) function before attempting to set the item. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">key</td><td>string</td><td>The key under which to store the item.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>string</td><td>The value to store.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getLocalStorageItem^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getLocalStorageItem(string)">getLocalStorageItem</strong>(string: key) [button href=^#function-getLocalStorageItem^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Retrieves an item from the local storage. This function checks if the user has acknowledged storage usage using the getCookie(&quot;storageAcknowledgement&quot;) function before attempting to retrieve the item. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">key</td><td>string</td><td>The key of the item to retrieve.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string|null</td><td>The retrieved item or null if it does not exist.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-deleteLocalStorageItem^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="deleteLocalStorageItem(string)">deleteLocalStorageItem</strong>(string: key) [button href=^#function-deleteLocalStorageItem^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Deletes an item from the local storage. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">key</td><td>string</td><td>The key of the item to delete.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>boolean</td><td>True if the item was successfully deleted, false otherwise.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-deleteSpecificLocalStorageEntries^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="deleteSpecificLocalStorageEntries(Array&lt;string&gt;)">deleteSpecificLocalStorageEntries</strong>(Array&lt;string&gt;: keys) [button href=^#function-deleteSpecificLocalStorageEntries^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Deletes specific entries from the local storage. This function allows for targeted removal of multiple local storage items without affecting others. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">keys</td><td>Array&lt;string&gt;</td><td>An array of keys corresponding to the local storage items to delete.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-getQueryParameterByName^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getQueryParameterByName(string, string)">getQueryParameterByName</strong>(string: name, string: url) [button href=^#function-getQueryParameterByName^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Retrieves the value of a URL query parameter by name. If the parameter does not exist, null is returned. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the query parameter to retrieve.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">url</td><td>string</td><td>Optional. The URL to parse. Defaults to the current window&#039;s URL.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>string|null</td><td>The value of the query parameter or null if it does not exist.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-updateOrAddQueryParameter^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="updateOrAddQueryParameter(string, string, string)">updateOrAddQueryParameter</strong>(string: name, string: value, string: url) [button href=^#function-updateOrAddQueryParameter^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Updates or adds a query parameter to the current URL and updates the browser&#039;s history. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the query parameter to update or add.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>string</td><td>The value of the query parameter.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">url</td><td>string</td><td>Optional. The base URL to modify. Defaults to the current window&#039;s URL.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-removeQueryParameter^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="removeQueryParameter(string, string)">removeQueryParameter</strong>(string: name, string: url) [button href=^#function-removeQueryParameter^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Removes a query parameter from the current URL and updates the browser&#039;s history. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the query parameter to remove.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">url</td><td>string</td><td>Optional. The base URL to modify. Defaults to the current window&#039;s URL.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-loadCSS^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="loadCSS(string, boolean)">loadCSS</strong>(string: url, boolean: forComponent) [button href=^#function-loadCSS^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Loads a CSS file dynamically into the document&#039;s head. If the file is a component-specific stylesheet, it will be marked accordingly for potential removal when the component is unloaded. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">url</td><td>string</td><td>The URL of the CSS file to load.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">forComponent</td><td>boolean</td><td>Optional. Specifies whether the CSS is for a specific component, allowing it to be targeted for removal.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;boolean&gt;</td><td>A promise that resolves to true if the CSS file was successfully loaded or false if there was an error.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-addScript^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="addScript(string, boolean)">addScript</strong>(string: src, boolean: async) [button href=^#function-addScript^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Dynamically adds a JavaScript file to the document&#039;s body. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">src</td><td>string</td><td>The URL of the JavaScript file to load.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">async</td><td>boolean</td><td>Optional. Specifies whether the script should be loaded asynchronously. Defaults to false.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;boolean&gt;</td><td>A promise that resolves to true if the script was loaded successfully, or false if it failed to load.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-removeCSS^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="removeCSS(string)">removeCSS</strong>(string: url) [button href=^#function-removeCSS^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Removes a CSS file from the document based on its URL. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">url</td><td>string</td><td>The URL of the CSS file to remove.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>boolean</td><td>True if the CSS file was successfully removed, false otherwise.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-removeAllComponentCSS^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="removeAllComponentCSS()">removeAllComponentCSS</strong> [button href=^#function-removeAllComponentCSS^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Removes all component-specific CSS files from the document. This function is typically called when navigating away from a component to ensure its styles do not affect other parts of the application. <br> [/p]<table><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>boolean</td><td>True if any CSS files were removed, false otherwise.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-alertPopup^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="alertPopup(string, string, boolean, string|null)">alertPopup</strong>(string: text, string: content, boolean: showCloseButton, string|null: addedClass) [button href=^#function-alertPopup^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Displays a customizable popup alert with optional content. This function is part of the popup management system and provides a consistent way to display alerts across the application. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">text</td><td>string</td><td>The main text to display in the popup.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">content</td><td>string</td><td>Optional additional HTML content to display in the popup.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">showCloseButton</td><td>boolean</td><td>Specifies whether to show a close button on the popup.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">addedClass</td><td>string|null</td><td>An optional class to add to the popup for styling or identification.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-alertPopupClose^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="alertPopupClose(string|null)">alertPopupClose</strong>(string|null: addedClass) [button href=^#function-alertPopupClose^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Closes an open alert popup. If a specific class was added to the popup when it was opened, it can be specified here to ensure only popups with that class are closed. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">addedClass</td><td>string|null</td><td>The class that was added to the popup, if any.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-assignMenuButtons^][h3]export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="assignMenuButtons()">assignMenuButtons</strong> [button href=^#function-assignMenuButtons^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Assigns click event listeners to menu buttons. This function is part of the popup management system and ensures that clicking any menu button opens the corresponding popup. <br> <br> The function targets buttons with either the ID &#039;menuButton&#039; or the class &#039;openMenuButton&#039;. <br> <br> This function is typically called automatically when the page loads, but might need to be called manually when buttons are added dynamically or when existing buttons are replaced. [/p][/div]