[h1]infinite-scroll.js[/h1]
[p]You can [a href=^https://github.com/HousebirdGames/Birdhouse/blob/main/src\modules\infinite-scroll.js^]view this file on GitHub[/a].[/p][p class=^topComment justify^]Implements an infinite scroll mechanism for dynamically loading content as the user scrolls. The script supports customizable settings for initial items, incremental load amounts, and integrates with local or session storage for caching purposes.[/p][h2 id=^functions^][button href=^#functions^ class=^copyLink^]Functions<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^function^ id=^function-InfiniteScroll^][h3]DEFAULT export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="InfiniteScroll(Object)">InfiniteScroll</strong>(Object: config) [button href=^#function-InfiniteScroll^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Initializes an infinite scroll functionality on a specified container. <br> <br> Configuration object: <br> - initialLimit: The initial number of items to load. <br> - add: Number of items to add with each additional load. <br> - page: Starting page number. <br> - container: DOM element to append fetched items to. <br> - fetchURL: URL to fetch data from. <br> - displayFunction: Function to process and display fetched items. <br> - searchParameter: Function returning current search parameters. <br> - emptyMessage: Message to display when no items are available. <br> - storageType: &#039;local&#039; or &#039;session&#039; to enable caching. If not provided, caching is disabled. [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">config</td><td>Object</td><td>Configuration object for infinite scroll as defined above.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Object</td><td>An object containing methods to setup, teardown, handleScroll, and refresh the infinite scroll functionality.</td></tr></table>[/div]