[h1]database-settings.js[/h1]
[p]You can [a href=^https://github.com/HousebirdGames/Birdhouse/blob/main/src\modules\database-settings.js^]view this file on GitHub[/a].[/p][p class=^topComment justify^]This module is designed to be used as a part of a database settings system.[/p][h2 id=^functions^][button href=^#functions^ class=^copyLink^]Functions<span class="material-icons spaceLeft">link</span>[/button][/h2][div class=^function^ id=^function-getSetting^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="getSetting(string, boolean)">getSetting</strong>(string: name, boolean: useCache=false) [button href=^#function-getSetting^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Retrieves a setting value from the database, if the database-get-setting hook is implemented. It can optionally use cache based on the `useCache` parameter. If an error occurs during retrieval, it logs the error and returns null. <br> [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the setting to retrieve.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">useCache=false</td><td>boolean</td><td>Determines whether to give the &#039;no-store&#039; or &#039;default&#039; cache setting to the database-get-setting hook.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;any|null&gt;</td><td>The value of the setting if found and no error occurs, otherwise null.</td></tr></table>[/div][div class=^function^ id=^function-setSetting^][h3]async export <strong class="copyData" data-copy="setSetting(string, any)">setSetting</strong>(string: name, any: value) [button href=^#function-setSetting^ class=^copyLink^]<span class="material-icons">link</span>[/button][/h3][p class=^justify^] Sets a setting value in the database, if the database-set-setting hook is implemented. If an error occurs during setting, it logs the error and returns false. [/p]<table><tr><th>Parameter</th><th>Type</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td class="parameter">name</td><td>string</td><td>The name of the setting to set.</td></tr><tr><td class="parameter">value</td><td>any</td><td>The value of the setting to set.</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><th class="returns">Returns</th><td>Promise&lt;boolean&gt;</td><td>True if the setting was successfully set, false if an error occurs.</td></tr></table>[/div]